the most surprising is that
for example, parents that polish your question
don't take the teeth so that I think yes
it is also a task of the parents to
technology and his teeth must
cleaning it can start igniting and that
inflammation can continue work on
so other parts of the body
actually very important to make you one
good teeth and we notice
just in for example morocco where the
healthcare
yes is not accessible to everyone
but information is also very important
is so that you have a children's toothbrush
also shows how to brush
also and that is very important and we
They notice that that message is quite
good pick up and I hope they do that
pass it on to others because yes
very important your teeth
your teeth love your mouth clean
bacteria and other things
we do it sunday MS patients but
Keep in mind that is a squating
cola down pip very much your fair
wait camp schiedam
he with a vote for sita chairman
if i sweat in forma then 0 then too
so this format format
along with my black possession but she took it
got it wrong
switch on what then come along with it
adjust reesema
years on i something you are him and he
covers
from iraq from on her switch know and see
you are in
ijsselmeer aan huisblad and then do not see
in movies
new glamor set to which which which
which
zebra zebra 6 huisa certainly citigroup
the
the tips in Delft
shake I do I have been an action
on facebook where we in the netherlands
asked for a toothbrush
pour a new toothbrush
toothpaste and that is very good at it
responded
we try to reach as many people as possible
so actually help our goal so much
possible children in the short period and
with the means we have to do that
to do
yes every bit contribute often say
people yes it's a drop on the
glowing plate but lots of drops
ensure that the place cools down